​
He who has a second ear of hearing please listen with your second ear.
This is a spiritual concept not a mental concept.
Don't try to think, listen and understand, hear what is being said. Hear not with your mind.

Understand what is a name above all names.
Names are words. The real name, above all names, can be referenced by many words.

There is one above all names, and those names he is above include Yehushua, Son, Christ, Jesus, those are all names.
All those names are reference points to the real name.
The real name is above all names.
Pure meaning does not think in lower level words like the words we use.
In pure meaning and understanding, the real name is not This or That. It is above This and That.

The one has a real name that people use many names that has meaning always.
Yeshua and Jesus are placeholder words that represent the real name, the name that is above names.

He said he will say to them, "You never knew me." because they thought he was one of these
names, they thought that he was a person, they thought that who he was man and a man's name,
he knew who he was and he understood what he was and they did not.

He understood that he was love, he was life, he was nothing except for his way,
he lived for nothing except for the truth. There was no man in him,
everything he cared about was what his father cared about, everything he valued
was what Love and Truth and Meaning valued.

They will say, "Rabbi, Rabbi we did all these works IN YOUR NAME"
And he will say to them, "You never knew me"
Because they thought he was a name even though he explained who he was, but they did not listen.

They didn't understand that when one knows who they are, they have no "name".
When I and my Father are one, who am I but my Father?

You don't understand because you think that you are a person with a name.
If you explore your self you will find that this is only a story you have created.
This story is fiction that you have created.

The truth is right now you have no story at all, you are existing as a sort of vessel or temple, that either god or dark forces can work through.
The Christ was above all names, not defined by this or that name, but aligned in harmony with
the will of his Father. His Father's will was his will. He was surrendered to his Father.
There was no man. The man was only the perfect servant of his father, the sword that carries out the strike of the hand that wields it.
Do you praise the sword when a man strikes down a kill?

But he knew his Father by Love.

Christ explains that there are others who serve a Father that is different from his Father.
They are serving the father of what is not of Love.
The other father can use the same name, he can call himself Yahweh or whatever he wants,
but he is the father of hate, of lies.

Christ tells you how to know him. "You shall know me by my fruit."" That is how you know him.
He said you did not know me because they did listen, they not know him by his fruit.
He even told them how to know him and they were not listening because they had no ears to hear.

His fruit was his deeds, his actions, his way of life, this is who he was. And this is why Christ is loved.
Billions love Christ because they love his deeds. They love his actions. They love the way he lived his life.

No one loves Christ because of his favorite football team, or whether or not he had a job,
or whether or not he was cool or funny,
they didn't love him because of a story of struggle or because he went to college or
because he was a successful carpenter or because he was right about everything.
This is not what he knew himself for. He didn't define himself by such things.
He didn't come and say to them, "Hello, my name is Yehushua, I am a carpenter from Nazareth."
That's not who he was.
And that's not who you are either.
Do not say, "Hello, my name is Alice, I am a factory laborer from Taiwan."
No, this is not who you are. Find out who you are. 
