the big revelation from yesterday.. was that with a new understanding of the
 shadow, I see I'm carrying more than my own. I'm carrying my father's shadow
 AND my mothers. I carry my father's untapped potential and literally carry what
 my mother rejects.

So today has been really really dark. I mentioned to my mother the idea of the
shadow being projected onto one person in each family, she identified that she
felt that her mother's shadow was passed on to her.

Then I think when she heard the voice of her sister who has always been saying
her sisters children are always falling victim to the darkness (leading lives
that trail misery and destruction, heroin, jail, alcoholism), I saw she was
projecting that on me today talking about me not being with god, and let her
know my path might be similar to theirs, but I'm simply more powerful I guess
and I'm not going to fall like they do. And she recognized that yeah I do bring
love and God and such to the table.

And.. then.. this thing happened, she was talking to me about how people don't
wear black jackets in Florida, and went to show me her white jacket, and I
somehow got it into my head that she was offering me to wear it and so I took
it and wore it. And then all the comfort feelings I haven't had from not
crossdressing(there are some people on this planet that just crossdress to feel
 safe. We don't know why, it isn't a gay thing, it isn't a sexual thing, that's
  just what it is and you either repress it or you don't.) And I put my hand on
  my heart treasuring what I hadn't had, and giving 0 fucks, the only fuck given
  that I had neglected to take care of myself, after reaffirming Matt kahns promise
  to take care of the inner child just earlier.
and she was like "what are you doing".. and I said something prideful like,
"if you only knew", and she was like "you wouldn't want to know what I'm thinking"
and I was laughing at her and saying, "oh I would." And she kept saying
"you wouldn't like what I'm thinking".
And I know what she was thinking about was disgust and rejection.

Then when I went in to the kitchen a bit later my zealot brother was like
"Wow! You're so warm, Jesus is on you!" And I was confirming laughing and acting
erratic about it because we all knew that I'm just being me and not following their way.

My mom and I's evening conversation led into getting argumentative with her again,
with her talking about demonic influences..  and I got prideful and I told her I was
grateful I happen to be a powerful being, and she said no god is merciful, and I
asserted that these were parallel happenings... And then I bring this up for the
sake of it cementing in my memory.

I went ahead and said to her in a bitter, bitter voice , "and you know what I
realized, I wondered for a long time why would I be a powerful spiritual being..
how I could handle dealing with and exorcising demons..
I questioned if maybe I must have had past lives.."
And then I leaned in and said bitterly and quietly,
"But then I finally realized.. when you've lived in hell for years.. and you come
out of that, that's what FUCKING made me a powerful spiritual being. "

And she said nothing, it was also a deliberate fuck you by directly cursing to
her face which she tells me not to swear in front of my mother.

And my words  carried an additional unspoken message that roughly translated
said.. 'and when you've come out of that hell..that's why I'm standing and not
taking any fucking more shit..that's where I am a million times better than I was
and there's no possibility  going back to that so I'll never ever not be okay again. "



I forgot the part of the story where after my crossdressing incident, my mother
went into the bathroom to worship songs loudly, something she never does, having
those feelings of disgust open up with her severely affected her. She is repulsed
by anything 'sick' because she was targeted by a sick creepy mentally ill guy when
she was a child that fucked her up, and it's basically a focal point of her life story.

Then everyone openly saw my lie of being financially responsible when I bought a
$400 virtual reality thing in a second, my mother kept saying to everyone and
husband that she couldn't understand why for some reason she didn't believe I
really bought it and thought I was just messing with her, and couldn't take it
seriously, until I explained loudly that the reason she couldn't take it seriously
was because it was "Reckless, impulsive, and irresponsible." in other words,
unbelievable.
Impulsive spending like this actually makes me feel mentally and physically ill.



Then, realizing that crossdressing is a part of me whether I like it or not,
I also concluded that I as long as I don't take care of me and don't allow myself
this, it's the core reason why I feel like I am not being an authentic being and
seeing that I have not felt like I am living authentically and this is why I can't
act outward as a teacher to the world, the inner truth I've been rejecting.

Ordered a black woman's cardigan and kimono nightrobe and cape gown' and 7 pairs
of yoga pants lol. In retrospect as conscious as a decision as I could have made,
the capelike nature of all these items if asked I can simply playfully say it's
my wizards wardrobe, or that I'm trying to find a fashion look and haven't
figured out exactly what it is yet.

I don't know if you can see the profoundness in all of this, but the reflection
of all of this is that shortly after recognizing I was and am carrying my mother's
 shadow, here it is immediately, all of it, fleshed out into the light, unable
 to be disguised under her goodness, her own personally tailored hell,

In which her child, which is what she puts up and holds onto as the most important
thing in her life, is also everything she cannot accept in this world, a carrier
of mental illness, that which she has been disgusted by her entire life, that
under a disguise of goodness to others that she tries to hold up, underneath,
(which will usually show on the rare occasion she consumes a little too much alcohol),
 she is disgusted and repulsed by her own child, that if she were to accept it
 she would find her child is a freak. (And my feminine identity also brings forth
 the guilt and shame of wanting god to give her a daughter she never had, and life's
 twisted ironic sense of humor of delivering that unmet desire)


And also I should probably note that I am somewhat acting the role of two seriously
deranged movie characters from the media I recently consumed, or rather I should say
those characters are evoking parts of me.

If it wasn't for that movie, I probably wouldn't be handling this so well, but
 seeing this seriously fucked up fucked up alcoholic lustful damaged broken unstable
  violent man in this film makes me more okay with myself somehow.

But I am concerned as I don't want my mother's heart to go out, I don't want her
to die because of this shadow arising.
