really isnt this three parts.. 1, 2 the philosophy, 3 chaos application
503 224 0405 unemployment phone system
2 statements
1/ temporary layoff return within 4 weeks, CHECK THIS BOX. DISREGARD RETURNING TO WORK
covid 19 affected not applicable 
describe my experiences in working with more energy
specifically chaos

Harnessing Chaos to Increase your Productivity in Life

On a spiritual level, I believe in upholding and promoting order. When I speak
of order, I am alluding to sanity, to safety, to stability, to grounding,
to what can be trusted. When I speak of order I am speaking to that which leads to love. This has
traits of harmony, of goodness, of peace.

We all want these things. We want control, we want comfort, we want to have
a sense of security. As we pursue these in life, we also find the cost
of these endeavors. That to rest in a state of stillness, we are not accomplishing
our goals. Now we can become stuck in a place where we need rest, while we cannot
get the rest we seek. This action is contradicting our desires that
require action to fulfill.

The common spiritual pursuit then would be to first find a state of
peace we could live in at every moment, then pursue the actions we want to take in our lives.
This is by no means not a good approach to life, however there are problems with this quest.
The first is, how much time will be spent looking for this state of peace until it is found?
The second is, when it is found, what are the conditions necessary to retain this peace?
Do I need to be alone, in the dark, and in complete silence to maintain this state?
Life then, would become quite challenging. Let us say that we found a state of internal peace that
could be retained no matter what the external circumstances were. Then, what else threatens
this state of being? Stress? Excitement? Anger? In my experience, the many states of being
that we discover in life, all of them have a temporary nature to them. You will not always
feel the way you feel now. Everything changes. So what state of being do you pursue when you
you can't hold on to any of them? Or when holding onto one state means that you cannot do other things
that cause you pain, suffering, or other negative things? And finally, even if you can hold on to
a state, again you still can't fully control your external circumstances.

Is such a state of being attainable is not the question for me. For me the question is,
if life is only good in a peaceful state of being, how much of my life is good? If I can spend
40% of my life feeling peaceful, and that is good, then 60% of my life is bad. Somehow, that doesn't
seem like a good life. And we can identify now that my pursuit is not to find a perfect state,
but to have a good life.

I have seen this perspective come about in those who have faced death. They come back with a
new appreciation for life. For most, we see the value and meaning in life, and decide that we
want to have a meaningful life. We want to cherish the moment. We want to make the most of the time
we have here.



(Get into my philosophy, and move that too into its own mini-article)
appreciating every moment. the lower and the higher.
it comes after facing death. that links too to being-okay.

(dont forget to link mirror-mirror, hard link)[./2020-08-07-Mirror-Mirror.html]
