Jonah: you're on a fast track
you could be like successful somebody paraphrased
you should write that article as complicated as you can and then
the next article start refining it refining it
putting it in a way people will get

Jonah: You should write a book on this man
Tamea: Have you started blogging this?

R: I do look forward to when you base your life decisions on love, trust, and hope as opposed to fear, shame, and regret....

We just ask for an answer or a direction and then have to let go of the control of having the answer...then, the answer will arrive in it's on timing.

Someday I'll be in Israel

Just know I'm looking out for you - regardless of whether you're relationship material or what happens with us

Creation wouldn't be the same without you in it

I like your hair

Stay safe

Translated iheard, honor the word, the sacred

Homeless lady, LEAVE
...

Nat Joe, love and light

Laurie... You are never alone...

Ronald, don't fall on the word, stand on the word

03/25 MIKEY RECOGNIZES ME
says I'm finally closer

Nessa Says I need to travel the world

Anya Nessa, you are never alone

I get it. Sometimes you gotta be Christ's head, and other times you gotta be his feet

Tony says he felt a boom in the heavens when I got baptized

(Laurie does love me! I am wanted! The idea that people hate me IS the lie from the deceiver! That negativity is the lie!! All the negativity is lies! And free from the deceiver I am loved!

Laurie says I can choose not to believe the lie!

Rationality, if Laurie hated me she wouldn't invite me over because she's self employed
She hugged me toooo

Laurie says I'm a manifester



Guy says I should say my name out loud alone in my room
Guy says to write my books.


Ron says I should always be confident all the time

Micah says Religion is trying to recreate the past

Justin saying tighten my game

Jeff saying that with my skills basically I could be really good at whatever I want especially with peer support

Laurie saying that in the past I couldn't be what I wanted to be, who I wanted to be, a person,

But now now now I can be what I want to be, I don't have to live in fear of what others think I should be. I can love me.

And I'm strengthening the real me, the loving kind caring G E N U I N E me that is becoming the dominant personality.



She has real unconditional love, and she's in my world. I find that profound.



Permission I have
02/20You can do anything you want -Erin
