#jonah in response to rap
Where did this come from?
That’s some heavy shit man, good job

#belle
maybe i could become so gifted at writing
You already are



#

L: Charming

#09/21

Belle:
Awww thats awesome hun
Hey i know you're a genius
I love you for your perspective
See how awesome you are

#09/20
Belle:
Who knows what the future holds
You could become so fanous bring the genius you are... you'll forget all about me

#9/14/2020
Belle:
Bit you write beautifully so I see how people are captivated by your words

You articulate through words and they're beautiful

Theana:

Writing is your passion, obviously,but also an outlet for you to not feel as plagued
and the like
Writing I'm not sure is an outlet,
it's more like there are several tunnels filled with water and I use about 10 hands
to hold the water back, and can release one of those at a time when that tunnel gets
activated. So perhaps someday when I get better at managing the flow of the tunnels
 it will be more of an outlet. Right now it's more like, continually getting,
 blue balled, because my output fails to match the weight of the water.

That really means a lot to me
I'm fussy about writings and yours resonates and beautifully written

Sounds heavy
Nah.. I'm fortunate right now because I'm at maybe 4/10 of what my mind is like at full operating level,
so having the breaks on right now is a blessing because I have a chance to get a handle on the ability before it becomes too much

I'm fussy about writings and yours resonates and beautifully written
Thank you, seriously. I rate my writings right now at about a 7/10 at best but am learning to refine it over time and am pretty hopeful
I'll become a lot more eloquent soon as I get into the practice of it.
I was never a person that could just write on command and I still can't,
but now that I have more "tunnels" to pour out from than I know what to do with,
I always have something to write it just comes down to how much I can output.
everything is always prewritten in my head but getting it out is tiresome.
Keeping it in though... Drove me crazy once before already
