OK close your eyes and just think of me... Think of what we'd do if we wrr hanging out at the beac... We find a treasure chest and what's inside



A map!



so tired i might fall up



Onwards



It goes beyond a jungle



We must go



yes



What do we do about these vines?



We swing on them!



It's much quicker



if we swing high enough we might be able to see above the trees



Yes! And play with monkeys



they're my fav



let's bring this one with us



What shall we call him



Batelle



Elle



Ell



OK ell is our companion



He shows us how to get across the river on a big fallen tree



The water is rushing past us



Cool and splashing up at our faces



ahh



We stop a moment



Yes ahhhh



there's a spirit tree past the river



We come a cross a field of flowers



They look like lions



Ans they start talking



"dance with us"



We dance with the flowers in the cool breeze



wow



Smelling their fragrances and their songs of love



We forget about the treasure.... We lay down in pure ecstacy



Looking up at the sky



this is the treasure



Closing our eyes and falling into a deep and wonderous sleep of pure divine love



perfect moment



I've you James



Love you



Sweet dreams
---
B: Bitch is my switch
takes that  rich
B: Shaken not stirred is how one perterbs the words of confusion
B: Is an illusion?
confusion portrudes into the hallway with that door on the left
B: The depth is not left to one's mind but far beyond this time
the tree of illusion dangles its long slender arms down to wrap around
the depth unfolds blossoms out like a flower turning upside down becoming itself
B: Creation of love from something above
Just as I love her below I love her afar from anywhere I could love her I will go to that place and I will love her from there

They're new lyrics 😉
We collaborated
Now that's alchemy

---

I feel like a dragon hibernating

L: Conspiracy theory will grown soon. Enjoy the ride Belle 😂😉

It's the unicorns, they're coming back to take their revenge, but I, Askabalatair
the opal diamond dragon will fulfill the prophecy
Diamond shining turbulent succulent crimson flame dragonchild of the matriarchic
order of the divine radiation
Radiation is power, power is freedom, freedom is alakaskaban

B: Like the buzzing of a bee 😉
B: Yes vibrations is what we are
B: Perpetual transmutation
B: Matter, energy
B: In constant motion

Move fly eat sky fall cry laugh die arise light presides

Riptides flow tries to will the reading ones colorful pictures in the empty chair who was sitting there

B: What if I want to go west?

West you go keep going all the way home, west or right, left or down, south or
trees these possibilities navigating compasses mirroring on the polarity queue

L: Does everything I say seem familiar?

Singularity can byte my posterity flexibility impossible tangibility reactagility
 confusurmodory, abstractology deuteronomal cleopatriarchy shakes RT

Familiar a squiggler squagully line, divine shine with you on my mind



L: You ever thing that all beginnings start at endings?

Beending enbeginning behind my head no one to see which color is the real me

B: Don't bleed with me.....ignite with the inner eye you see

Inner eye perceiving what signal interference created the real message,
 can disharmony create music, can disorder create life

belle: And the causes that created the effects we neglect to respect what we project

Meditate on this or don't, breathe and hold your breath aware or not or half breath
half meditate 1/4 meditate + 1= BOOM!
