the subject of hypnosis came up multiple times today.



it is among many things to think about



my feelings on it are quite mixed



on one hand i would be really quite talented at the creation of it. ridiculously easy.
i can also use it to offer a safety, peace, healing and other comforts to people like they've never had.



also the hypnotist role just makes me the slightest bit more intriguing of a character. +1 there.



However, on the other hand, I do kinda sorta care about trying to build a positive reputation(even if my own impulsiveness, erraticness crashes and burns that into a failure anyway),
and hypnosis, while not seen as bad, is a little scary. not scary scary, but enough to change the projection and image of a person. It falls on the shadow side of consciousness.



then of course..



i might understand it as well as anyone, but we're all human, and no human is a reliable source of wisdom,
so I can't know if using hypnosis can in some way cause harm to someone in a way that no one can see.



And now i see it.. Perhaps James cannot do this. Perhaps I need a shadow persona. But I'm too invested in my writing and I'm not going to manage two external identities...



unless it was really simple..



if one led to another..



I'm trying to move away from duality but.. now im starting to see it.



My main focus is (or needs to get back to) love, happiness, healing, connection, caring, giving, and so on.



This secondary pleasure pursuit of desire and power that's become this identity of wizard, magician, alchemist, chaos, i meant to integrate it but, i kinda became it instead, and lost touch with my focus of love and light.
So I think perhaps they should be segregated and parts of me that are channeled. A conscious part of me good channeled, and a shadow part of me channeled out as well, both into identities.



I already sold myself on the concept while writing that when I realized who a shadow persona would be. It would of course be the expression of my feminine self.
Not just going into Jung's Aenima inner female is who males are underneath idea, but also realizing my pursuit of the divine feminine was really the pursuit of myself,
and then on top of that coming to find that my pursuit of the Divine Mother was actually a bit on the shadow side, (kind of a little more associated with death..mourning..sorrow...silence..stillness..unknown..void)



The only problem is my female persona can't be a female wizard, that would be a witch!
 how absurdly sexist to make that distinction!



but James can and will grow into a wizard identity. Manifestor. Child of God. Lover..

The shadow persona can act as female Alchemist, transmutator of chaos and energies..

Sophie Shade 
fuck yeah..
