I had a perspective not long ago that I felt
you might find interesting and wanted to share with you.
The concept of people coming and going in our lives is one I found on my own and was recently sharing
with others, and I find it actually ties into deep listening.
How when we are sitting in this paused state in guided meditation, in between each set of a speaker's
words, resting in a stillness, in between a rhythm, I once experienced a perspective that this is
not unlike life.

This perspective is such that, every conversation is not unlike a state of deep listening. As such that
in life, things are always changing, we are always moving, but there is an 'in and out', a 'coming and going'
I have noticed that I find we often may take for granted. That an observable constant in a grander sense of life is
the event of conversation itself. This perspective I'm speaking of is that we are always shifting between
two states in the present moment, either 'living our lives/productive activity/working' or 'conversating'.
That there is a coming and going between these two states as we are carried throughout life.

The reason I find this profound or at least interesting is when observing quality of life and different
communities, this is still there. Spending time working with the homeless is what allowed me to notice this,
that even though these people greatly suffer, when it comes to the present moment and each day, regardless of
circumstances, these people still shift through these two states every day. I would imagine people in prisons
and jails also still experience this.

The shift in perspective I'm pointing to here is that no matter what circumstances are appearing before us now,
if you reflect on treasured memories and the pattern of a human life, it is very likely that you will always return
to a moment that involves a meaningful conversation of reflection with another human being.
That if we shift the focal point in life, the most meaningful event in life, to be that of a conversation,
life appears as though it were simply pausing between these conversational moments.
To experience this perspective as a lifetime is very similar to experiencing the loving awareness found within
the pauses during a meditation.
