How to Access Creativity in Your Life

When our creativity gets stuck, a new focus is required.
We have to know why we want to create. Not because we have to, or should, but because we love it.
We enjoy it and exploring our passions fills us with life and renewal.
We want to create because creation is the place we know we want to be.

When we know this, when we know what we want and why we want it, we can begin to turn our focus to it. Our priorities can begin to
change. With this focus, we can begin to build the world we need in order to reach the place that we can create from.

The creative place we try to access, is much like a feeling that opens us up to a space within ourselves.
The challenge becomes, how do we access this feeling?

We access it by placing ourselves into an environment in which we will have that feeling. Our creative space.
Instead of battling to find motivation or eliminating every problem in our lives, what one must do is build a personal
sanctuary that they love to reside in, that they feel safe in, that they feel home in.

A good creative space is simplistic, clean, roomy, but much more. It is filled with what inspires an individual.
It is the ambience and atmosphere necessary to evoke necessary creative feelings. These feelings manifests from inside us
when we feel safe, secure, but most of all, loving and loved. We love to create, so we must feel that love.
We must build the place we want to be living in.

This is a process of cultivation and refinement. Focusing on building this is the start of this process. Over time, you find what it is that gives you comfort,
that provokes from you reminders of that which you value.
This is not surrounding yourself with distractions or forms of entertainment, but rather colors, sights, sounds, that create your living atmosphere.
You do not need to know what this result looks like, you only need to seek it out.
You will learn what you don't really love, slowly weeding out what does not resonate within you,
as you figure out where you want to be.

To access your creativity, start by crafting the space that you always want to be in.
You have the rest of your life to refine this process.
