Not quite. When you see what it really means that there are no others, you will see that life is, always has been, and could only be nothing more than an absurd and hilarious game.

The idea of being everyone can be a nice concept to hold, a consolation to the self that can help add meaning to suffering and why we should care about others as we do ourselves. it's a good life perspective.

We aren't you or me or us. There is no I. There is no real I subject matter to be everyone, because the self doesn't exist. The self is a fiction. Reality is that we are the entire thing as one piece. We  are the outside world. Not the self.
And when you know this, you know that to participate, or even convince "yourself" that you have a choice in participating, the only possibility is to play, to act as though you are real, as though Belle, the fictional character that you created, is real. As I act as James.
We've always been playing our whole lives.
But once we're aware that we're playing, what was once just play is now playing a game. Because we are now conscious participants in playing, and the act of being conscious of our own possible roles and abilities  and making conscious choices means that we are playing a game, what we define that game to be is even permitted.
You can define the game to be fighting a spiritual war for love if you like, or you can define it as the attempt of giving yourself a nice life and giving a nice life to those around you, you can try to destroy the world, you can try to convince others what you think the game is.

But choosing to participate could never be anything except a game because you are neither real nor is there anything except for the fact that this is happening. There is existence, one entire whole thing, and that's it. There is nothing more than us happening, nothing more than that we are here, being here is the purpose of life. Consciously acting in life is consciously playing, knowing that we aren't real,
 instead of unconsciously playing, believing in the fiction that we are real.
