My new podcast, "The Byterian", is gonna be interesting as fuck. I'm talking real, deep,
raw, no. It's focused on reflections on changing reality
and increasing genuine communication in our generation, is coming soon..

We're always seeking the answer for how we can be doing more
in the here and now, how we can become the person we know we
truly are.
In a sea of information bombarding us from all angles,
there's no shortage of wisdom on "what to do",
yet it's impossible to know who to focus on, what to trust.

Take a step back and go for a drive with me as your sidekick
in the Byterian, as this podcast focuses in deep on the real real,
from connection to mental health to empowerment and creating a
better life we want to live in.
How we can improve genuine communication with each other will be a
major focus of future episodes.

I'd love to have you ride along on this journey. And if you're not planning
to listen in, I just want to say if you're at the end of your rope
in life, it really does get infinitely better.

It's been a thrill creating this. The start might be bumpy, but
the best rides usually are. 

so when you've got your headphones in at work,
stuck in traffic,
waiting for the drugs to kick in,
kick back and have a listen, drift off with me somewhere else.

that's a little clip from Tool's Lateralus
stolen shamelessly with absolutely no copyrights whatsoever.
And now.. on to the podcast..

Episode 0 Description:
I'll be ****reflecting**** real talk, nerves, anxiety, fear, reflection,
perception, delusions, success, action, mindsets, getting stuck,
change, abstraction, truth, sanity, observation, disconnection, hope,
freedom, enjoyment, creation, experience, trust, relating, opening up,
mastery, effort, failure, feeling seen, defenses, projecting,
fulfillment, control, desires, -possibility, art, beauty, acceptance,
80/20

fear, success, mindset, truth, connection, mastery, freedom, creation,
experience, fulfillment, control, insecurity

tags



insight-


Episode 1 Description:


---------
I have an answer like the cross now I can't ignore. I didn't hear it from some hippy lecture, I came to find it on my own.

And I haven't spoken it out loud, but I will eventually. Because every conversation, every single observable phenomenon, everything that happens in this reality, every miracle, every healing, every mention of Christ, all remind me of it every single day.

Once you see it, when you look at other people, when you watch and observe what they do, your heart is always crying out for them.

And you know what you are.

------------

What if it's only possible to love someone when you don't want them to feel the pain you have felt?

Is that based on fear?

Living with my psychopath,
