
---

The difference between an internal seeking of love and an outward giving of love and the fulfilment of it...
But also... The satisfaction of feeling seen, of the previous whimsical light sensitive happy loving childish immature feather of a perfect being being recognized and and seen, given the right and permission to exist and be loved, and it only happens after I've recognized this in myself first, that I'm worth it and deserve to be loved.

Congratulations! What if even though I've only witnessed that for a few minutes or hours with smiles and hellos, what if....what if congratulations were all the time

---
I've also noticed..
When I'm really struggling with my faith in God and the possibilities of eternal damnation and relationship with Jesus and so on...
That I am only struggling with that in that moment, and by next week I will likely have forgotten that, and my feelings on the whole matter will have changed, so I don't think god would expect me to be perfect with him right at that time, because that would be impossible for me to do then.
---

---- Take it all
For fucking real.. the way I see it... As far as I'm aware I've got one shot in this videogame so it's in my best interests to absorb and not reject any information that comes my way, and to seek out the creme of the crop best information that the world I'm experiencing has produced.

And like ... At what cost? If others say I can't or shouldn't have this, what is it worth for me to believe them?  What is it worth for me to have been wrong listening to them and not accessing what was there for the taking?
---
With Jesus... Why I'm asking questions and struggling so much is to have a real hunger and heart to be like him and with him that is no longer for logical reasons.
God has been working on my heart.

Seeing him talk of the holy mother and feeling his open heart.. yet his rejection of the holy spirit not to stray from the path... It's about connecting to others hearts, isn't it?

And Jesus' way .. it's about real love. Not romantic love. Not seeking to gain another. To truly carry a love for them with an open heart..
Spirituality is just our way of being able to understand something so divine as this ..

And if you express your heart, those that live in fear are going to reject you out of fear and you just have to accept that, because the benefits of growing your heart and those you will connect with are worth it.

There's some questions I'll never know... Like did Jesus gain power from prayer...

----

--
The first problem I've found is .. what it would take to change, isn't always what we want. It's not actually who we want to be. I care about animals but I don't want to work at the zoo. I like dogs but I don't want to be a dog person all over my Instagram account. I want to talk to people but I'm not willing to start riding bikes in my city to join them. Because I don't like these masses of normal people that have dogs and are hiking and biking.
That sounds boring to me.

And I can pretty much guarantee you I will never spend time in my life riding a bike. But you know, at some point I think I will get a German Shepherd, because of the benefit having that companion would bring to my life.

What we say we want and what we actually want are usually very different. Pretty much everything we say we want and don't have has a lot less to do with our ability to do so, and a lot more to do with the time and effort we wouldn't want to put in to get it, especially if the thing to get or person to become is mundane.

And that's disheartening but only specifically on what we're focused on, because fleeting ideas aren't what we really want
--
Copyright me right now yep that's going in the book.



----
In the world nothing ever connects
But in the real world god can touch us through each other,
---------
I have an answer like the cross now I can't ignore. I didn't hear it from some hippy lecture, I came to find it on my own.

And I haven't spoken it out loud, but I will eventually. Because every conversation, every single observable phenomenon, everything that happens in this reality, every miracle, every healing, every mention of Christ, all remind me of it every single day.

Once you see it, when you look at other people, when you watch and observe what they do, your heart is always crying out for them.

And you know what you are.

------------
Add to book, art of appreciation and setting intention
---------



Add to reality ..
Our perspective changes and awareness changes, but the same outcome happens regardless.
what if our experience of what transpires is just our awareness of what is happening in that moment,
And the memories of our lives are simply based on what we were aware of at the time
...in other words ...

What if the part of you that lives in reality is having a negative experience, and the "soul" part of you is having a loving experience simultaneously, and your memory and experience is just which part of you, you were/are aware of.

Add to God:
Don't let anyone tell you who God is??? Is that actually good advice?

 ...
What if it's only possible to love someone when you don't want them to feel the pain you have felt?

Is that based on fear?

Guilt and Shame, people who get over it, they don't sin and do things that cause guilt and shame

Living with my psychopath,
