n the spirit model healing is regarded as an exorcism: illness is caused by "evil" or, at least, undesired entities which have to be neutralized and removed by the shaman or magician. In the case of a patient with a heart condition the shaman may, for example, "see" a green lizard in the vicinity of the heart which must be removed. To achieve this the shaman will usually call upon the help of his own spirits who will then handle the matter. Properly exorcised, the patient has been freed from the cause of his ailment and can recuperate.

In the energy model ailments are seen to be caused by energetic imbalance. Thus, our heart patient may have too much (or too little) "fire energy" in his heart chakra, and the magician's task consists of restoring that balance of energies commonly defined as "health". This he may do by laying on hands, by using crystals and precious stones, by magnetism or chakra massage etc. The balance having been restored, the patient is regarded as having been healed.

In the psychological model illness is considered to be basically psychosomatic in nature. The magician will, therefore, either do a ritual work with the patient which enhances his stamina and resolves his troubles (e.g. a Saturn ritual to cope with "Saturnian challenges" the patient is seen to have avoided by becoming ill) or he will charge a sigil for the patient's health. Preferably he will instruct the patient to construct and charge his own sigil.

In the information model the Cybermagician will transmit an informational "healing matrix" into the patient's system (or somehow create a "morphic field" of health and self-healing) and let the patient's energies take it from there to do the job of their own accord i.e. automatically. This rests on the assumption that the energies are still powerful enough to get the work done, otherwise he will either jump back into the energy model to provide the patient with the additional energies required or install another information matrix to create an influx of the power desired.
