So based on what I've seen, our combined thoughts are actually generating our realities, our heavens, our hells.

And we know we aren't our thoughts. We're the focus we put forth, and that focus brings us thoughts. And continued focus brings us more thoughts like those thoughts.
 And we're all have different focuses, so the world is quite a battlefield. Just like when you focus on God the Father and Jesus, you have godly thoughts,
 you can feel his godly presence, you can see his godly virtues and blessings come into the physical reality.

And we all want love, so someday (sooner than later) eventually everyone's focus will be on love(god is love), the entire world's focus will be on love,
 and we will be in heaven. That's already happening everywhere in every religion right now.

Now that let me take a step back and throw out this crazy theory. From what I've seen, there is a place behind thoughts. And then there's thoughts.
 And they come from two directions, and we're right in the middle pulled either way.
 From one direction, all thoughts are from a perfect light, the most perfect light there is. And God is up there with it, and Jesus is up there with it.

From the other direction, all hateful and negative thoughts come from a darkness that feels really really bad the closer you get to it.
 One might even give it a name and call it Satan.

And this reality we're in now, it changes based on which of those thoughts you feed.

But I was sitting on with this.. that there's one source of light, and one source of darkness..
each of which I've been to.. and all these ideas and words we've come up with.. and somehow it crossed my mind..

And it occurred to me.. here's the crazy part(extreme extreme sarcasm).. what if.. just


######## (moved into A-Book, A Living Connection )

that I can actually feel love emanating from my plant. And I noticed that we heal eachother through this light spirit we connect to and share a healing love.
Not too much unlike the way I felt love coming from or to this unconscious living plant.

what if..if you were to throw out all ideas about everything you thought you knew..

It would seem that love, or the good source of perfect light, or God, is somehow connected to this thing called L I F E.
This thing that grows and connects us to everything in the world.

Whatever we love, it grows, no matter what you believe.
Even if you're an athiest if you water a plant, it will grow.
If you throw the plant in fire, it.. it will probably stop growing.

And that this opposing force, not the absence of anything (which would just be nothing),
where all this pain and suffering comes from, would be the destruction, ignorance of, defilement of, damagement of, degradation of, rejection of, life.

And it seems like when we hurt things,
such as lighting the poor plant on fire,
we usually feel painful feelings.
Almost as if we're making an negative action that connects us to negative thoughts that connect us to the pain that comes from this negative source.

Call me crazy but what if we're running around convincing ourselves of spiritual stories to realize the fundamental nature of existence
is that love is actually the cultivation and caretaking and appreciation and honoring and respect of life.
And that anything that does not contribute to life, is not love.

And when we put our intentions and focus towards life, we feel good,
and have profound experiences (that we prescribe stories to) and so on..

In other words..
when you look at it this way, from the sidelines it looks kinda like people are running around trying to figure out
 and tell each other what they've discovered about a really really really really simple concept...
as if there's something more than infinity.

As if there's a better way to grow a tree. You put care and attention and time into the tree. We call that love. You water it. it grows.

Now if you come up with the idea that if you circle and dance around the tree ten times and strategically place rocks around it and water
it at exactly a 45° angle because it will keep the flying demons away and then say that if you do that this way then it will grow,
 you will most certainly be right because you're still watering the tree.
