
It is hard to find a reason to write a book. The secrets of this life are found in the most simple of statements. The truths governing our realities are regarded as common sense, basic fundamentals that are hammered into us from every direction, each fighting for our attention. They are manifested throughout each of our personal stories. Their meanings evolve as we experience more and reach new heights of conceptual understanding. To save pain and the waste of precious time, we attempt to pass these truths down through every medium imaginable, often through texts such as bibles and doctrines. Yet, it seems instead of gaining pure wisdom, we are simply overloaded with masses of information that are, at large, useless to us in any practical manner until we have gained the prerequisite experience to have learned the meaning of such information the hard way.

You'll find these same truths in every walk of life and culture throughout history, albeit worded ever so slightly differently in varying ways. It is a tedious search to find what is relevant to our unique lives in an external world has no shortage of wisdom to offer. Most of us are guided towards religions and methodologies that elevate particular truths to a profound, mystical level. In doing so, followers of such approaches are inadvertently gifted a reliable tool that can be handily carried throughout the battles of their lives.

Regardless of our path, at the end old age and death reach toward us and we throw up our hands, take what we've absorbed so far and hold on to what we've connected to, or fear for the worst.

As we grow, the reason for why we must listen, search, and help others to find gains increased clarity. The gift of insight, which one could call the revelation of truth, is when newfound understanding comes to the simple words and phrases that have been there all along. This occurs when a well known phrase, when interpreted, can result in an entirely different experience of reality. Such is why these phrases are so widespread, those who have found their true meaning are sure to share them to all who will listen. In this world, not all can hear, so it is if it's these words are a personal gift for the one who is ready to hear it.

And so, with every person who has found such insights, the self-entitled among us will turn to teach and write books about their unique interpretation as it applies to their lives. That is quite a lot of books to cover in one lifetime, with mostly the same information rehashed and rephrased in various ways in an attempt to convey understanding. This is essentially what most of this book will do as well!

While there seems to be no shortage of advice on what to do and how one must live, the real difficulty is how to do that. How to filter the truths that will most apply to our lives now, in the moment. Not what to do, not how to live, but how to know who we should listen to, what concepts we should be absorbing, what is most important for us to understand in order to take shortcuts to avoid learning the hard way so that we might spend more of our time living a meaningful and fulfilling life. And so the real challenge is unspoken wisdom in between the understanding itself. There is no real answer for that. You can never know for certain if you're going the right way, if you're listening to the right teacher, at best you can trust that you have the most reliable, profitable material in front of you. Most of us stick with what we've learned early on and never look back. The rest of us, never satisfied, will always question. We reach a phase where we begin to challenge our deepest convictions, find that much of what we had learned was causing us more pain and strife than was beneficial to our lives, if only we had known sooner. There is no such book simplified with these answers laid out, and this book will most certainly not hold all of these answers either. Even if one had the answers to teach and write about, they would have to tell it in such a way that it could be correctly interpreted by each of our unique constructions, stages of growth, while passing through our filters and current conceptual understandings of life. It was a psychiatrist who presented the obvious to me when he stated that if such a book were to exist, he would be out of a job.

This book aims to lay out simple truths of life, as a father would bestow upon his daughter, in a manner that is straightforward. Here is no agenda, story to be believed, or code that must be followed. I aim to write an easy to read resource that is universally accessible to all walks of life.

And so here is yet another book, with my own flaws and mistakes left just so.
