When I'm afraid to say something I consider if there is a possibility it might
 have a positive effect on another, and I'll take a risk and say fuck it

Here I was afraid of being a misogynistic objectifying male if I said this,
said it anyway
Then it was reciprocated
(what you give out you get back)
Of course I'm hiding behind an internet wall
And I would likely not say that to someone in real life

#But if you could
#It would probably yield similar results
#Really cool observation

Actually maybe I would, said with the right tone of voice I can get away with saying anything.
I could say "you are amazingly attractive and sexy" in a certain sweet and kind tone of voice
and get away with it, where it sounds like a genuine heartfelt compliment, and also kind of a
passive non threatening, weak humble way

The important part though I'm noticing is a threshold that has to be passed of unbelievable for a compliment to work.
If I just said "you're beautiful", I might get ridiculed for objectification because I'm trying to hit on someone.

But if I go over the top past a certain limit and say something ridiculous, like, "You are an absolutely stunning shining star", it could pass this threshold that 1. Shows strength and confidence that I was willing to say it 2. If said right has the non-threatening
And if these elements all hit it could come across as a genuine compliment but.
If it doesn't hit the mark, then it could be seen as a super objectifying person who overly flattered women in a pathetic and shameful, lustful way


#I think you may have discovered how to “break the ice”

Interesting

#But if you break it wrong people get cold feet and retract
#It’s like ice fishing

The way I was able to rationalize continuing with spontaneous behavior after the comment, in which more fear arose in me, was to just be playful and imagine I was just fictionalizing a game and saying what I would say if I was completely fucking around

It is.. and it seems like



What really really matters here is that when ice fishing you have to surrender the outcome entirely. You have to have full confidence and full risk and accept that fish are going to run away.



And I think the reason that's actually relevant to discussion more than manipulation



Is I think it is the non inverted type of masculinity that is needed in society.
The inverted masculinity we know is the possessive, threatening, forceful,
full of himself male.

The actual masculinity is vulnerable,
risk to ego and pride being hurt, risk of being other than what is stereotypically
a male(including not being compassionate or emotional), along with all of the
 confidence to do that.
