
Fight Club is taking what you love, what you value, packaging it in a story, and selling it back to you.
its selling you yourself
your own ideas and beliefs

... i think i want this in the book

---

theres a message inside me that i feel like i subconsciously try to portray
that's like, keep choosing in, absorb your world, never shut it out, never turn your back
because in contrast there's people who reject the world to embrace themselves
but I think there's a difference between distancing yourself from the world and rejecting it
and having been a lot of places in life and down a lot of dark roads I feel like rejecting the world would be the ultimate betrayal of myself
a fuck you to where I've been, and an example to others that they should abandon life and its possibilities

keep choosing in, absorb your world, never shut it out, never turn your back


-


-
We are the reference points to one ultimate work of art.
(06-26-19 journal ... how is that possible..)
I was walking on the ocean tonight and realized that
God loves artists and creatives, because they are the most in his own image. He is literally the creator, the artist.
And now I see yes God loves art, but that isn't his true masterpiece
The true masterpiece is love itself. Love is the ultimate expression, the ultimate work of art.
The rest of it, the earth, us,
we just act as reference points to understanding that work of art.
we're like the footnotes to add extra depth lmao

-

(my trick) Song Interlacing, interlace album of light with other songs, no need to take it all on at once
i am mattering, in the state of being matter

-

lol i dont want monies i am self expression
i am what i want
and im fucking free

-
--added to dreams section
  god doesnt hate you, life doesnt hate you, humanity doesnt hate you.
  society itself hates you, and has conspired against you to destroy you so that you integrate with it


allowing losses
-

im convinced now that you mention it of a life lesson
bipolar people are known to have a pattern of building up their life and destroying it all
i think i just identified what i think has broke me from that future cycle
Life has destroyed all that i had more than once
but the last time, I think i learned the lesson. I was willing and allowing that to happen.

and now, i could be wrong, but I don't think it's going to happen again
because when I start getting attached to my life,
I stop trusting god to take care of me.
I start worrying about losing what I have.
But when I'm ready to let what I have go, I'm not worried about loss, I'm just trusting.
And from what I can see, life doesn't need to teach me to let go of what I'm attached to if I'm not attached to it.
I can be blessed without getting attached to the blessings

im reflecting a bit on the attachment thing that, i make it sound like its purely a choice, "just dont be attached to your stuff bro" but it isn't really like that
its two part
a part of it is that choice
but the other part is dependent on life challenging you
making your soul malleable -- added to dreams
taking things away from you
to loosen up the resistance in your soul to allow you to be able to make that choice
forcible at first, then gradually a little less forced
burn down the house the first time but then like,
the favorite glass breaks

-
