Decision Maker Deployment

pre-deployment:

they might feel like they already have a long backlog that you're adding to, and also,
they might be worried about hurting your feelings by criticizing
something that you've already released.
But if you ask someone if they'd like to test a beta and give you feedback on it,
that's something that I think a lot more people will be happy to get involved in.

It can be fun and interesting to get early access to something other people haven't seen yet
 and have a chance to play a role in the creative process of it, and people will probably feel more confident giving you advice about something that's still in progress too.


platforms for distribution:
   itch.io
   steam
      " it's pretty involved. (And it takes a minimum of several weeks.) It will almost certainly involve creating assets specifically for the site, learning how to use their uploader "
       It does cost $100 USD
       It's also handy in that you can view stats
       Reviewers on Steam are far less friendly than on other sites

Community:
   Become a part of the EVN community: Join in conversations with developers
    Help others work on their VNs. Share your work as you're developing it.
    Use social media to interact with the EVN community, and to create a marketing campaign
    Contact blogs and Let's Players who have covered VNs similar to yours and ask if they'd like to cover your game.

    Getting people interested in your game is a very long, ongoing process.
    It is not something you do last-minute or as an afterthought.

Feedback:

 Maybe you want to know if the sprites worked with the backgrounds, so you ask that.
 Maybe you want to know if using first person worked for people. Or if the dialogue read natural.
 Ask specific questions. Provide a feedback form.
(What I don't like is when a game pester me to give feedback. )


But there is an audience who is interested in analysis of media...it isn't huge...but there is a willing audience...and if you like doing that sort of analysis, there is some fun in doing the analysis itself.
Analysis/critique I do all the time. Sometimes published in academic journals or presented at academic conferences
 The audience for the analysis/critique is not the creator of the game and it isn't to help them improve. It is just to analyze themes and think about symbolism and think about how the game does what it does, what the game says about society as a whole. This is not for the game creator...and it isn't for the general audience. It's for people who want to do some philosophizing and takes lots of work...and not all games are good to do analysis on. Also, whether a game is good for analysis has nothing to do with the quality

 larger audience for reviews...discoverability is always difficult in this oversaturated market. It is a good service...but may not help the creator either.


...
 Have a Paypal
 This is the most fundamental step you need to take. This will seem almost painfully obvious to most of you (thank the gods) and the people who will be commissioning you probably won't even know what else there could be. Now, a professional bigshot company might pay you directly into your bank account, but until you have the reputation to get hired by such a company, you'll be working your way up the ladder with PayPal.
...
 if you're thinking of developing a visual novel that's not anime-influenced yourself,
 rest assured that there's definitely a market for it. You could probably find a bunch more examples if you just browsed around itch.io a bit or something. People are making new cool VNs with tons of different styles and influences all the time.
....
"I think you almost *have* to state what type of game it is in advertising. (I, for one, would be highly unlikely to buy a game that is a...game. I want to know if it's a VN, RPG, point and click adventure, puzzle game, strategy game, platformer, FPS, etc. Mostly because I like some of those genres better than others.)

And if your game *is* a VN, but you declare it to be something else, that's not great either. I'd be pretty irritated if I bought a game I *thought* was, say, a point and click adventure just to find that it was secretly a VN (with very little point and clicking involved)."
...

Now I'm wondering if I've made a big marketing mistake calling my own project a "visual novel"... although the bigger marketing mistake I made was not marketing at all, but still.
...
Unfortunately, I don't have any insight as to what sells. Someone else might. The best advice I can offer as an amateur is "today's bestseller is tomorrow's snark bait." In other words, trends can end quickly. A game can go from popular to forgotten in a hurry.
